Update index.rst (#6673)
geoserver/geoserver: doc/en/user/source/rest/api/index.rst

REST configuration API reference
================================

> This section describes the GeoServer REST configuration API.  You may also want to refer to the `Swagger spec <https://docs.geoserver.org/latest/en/user/rest/index.html#api>`_ but heed the warning.

Reviewer: What does this provided? reading ...

Better to repeat the what is there to set expectations ...

> This section describes the GeoServer REST configuration API.  You may also want to refer to the `Swagger spec <https://docs.geoserver.org/latest/en/user/rest/index.html#api>`_ but heed the warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the GeoServer REST configuration API. 

.. note:: You may also wish to review the hand-written :doc:`Open API  </rest/index>`_ documentation. This documentation not auto-generated and may not exactly match the latest GeoServer. Please treat this resource as documentation only as this is not suitable for client generation.

```
